README.md, before:

Hubot
=====

This is a version of GitHub's Campfire bot, hubot.  He's pretty cool.

This version is designed to be deployed on heroku.

Playing with Hubot
==================

You'll need to install the necessary dependencies for hubot.  All of
those dependencies are provided by [npm](http://npmjs.org).

    % bin/hubot

You'll see some startup output about where your scripts come from.

    Loading deploy-local scripts at /Users/me/nubot/scripts
    Loading hubot core scripts for relative scripts at /Users/me/nubot/src/hubot/scripts
    Hubot: the Shell.
    { id: '1', name: 'Shell' }
    Loading hubot-scripts from /Users/me/nubot/hubot-scripts.json
    Successfully connected to Redis

Then you can interact with Hubot by typing `hubot help`.

    hubot help

    animate me <query>  - The same thing as `image me`, except adds a few
    convert me <expression> to <units> - Convert expression to given units.
    help - Displays all of the help commands that Hubot knows about.
    ...

Take a look at the scripts in the `./scripts` folder for examples.
Delete any scripts you think are silly.  Add whatever functionality you
want hubot to have.


hubot-scripts
=============

There will inevitably be functionality that everyone will want.  Instead
of adding it to hubot itself, you can submit pull requests to
[hubot-scripts](https://github.com/github/hubot-scripts).  To enable
scripts from the hubot-scripts package, add the script name with extension as a
double quoted string to the hubot-scripts.json file in this repo.

Deployment
==========

    % heroku create --stack cedar
    % git push heroku master
    % heroku ps:scale app=1
    % heroku addons:add redistogo:nano

You'll need to edit the `Procfile` to say what the bot's name is.

Hubot also needs three environmental variables set to run and to keep him
running on heroku.

Campfire Variables
------------------

Create a separate user for your bot and get their token from the web UI.

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_TOKEN="..."

Get the numeric ids of the rooms you want the bot to join, comma
delimited. If you want the bot to connect to `https://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com/room/42` 
and `https://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com/room/1024` then you'd add it like this:

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_ROOMS="42,1024"

Add the subdomain hubot should connect to. If you web URL looks like
`http://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com` then you'd add it like this:

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_ACCOUNT="mysubdomain"

IRC Variables
------------------

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_SERVER="irc.freenode.net"
    
    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_ROOMS="#github,#node.js"
    
    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_NICK="MICCHECK1212"

Twilio Variables
------------------

You must have a Twilio account with credit and a number that can send and
receive SMS messages.

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_FROM="+14156662671"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_SID="AC5d10e5624da757326d12f8d31c08c20b"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_TOKEN="4ada63e18146a204e468fb6289030231"

After getting Hubot up and running, update the "SMS Request URL" for your
Twilio number to point to your Hubot instance.

Restart the bot
---------------
You may want to get comfortable with `heroku logs` and `heroku restart`
if you're having issues.

Commit message:

Updates readme to reflect where bot is running

README.md, after:

Hubot
=====

This is a version of GitHub's Campfire bot, hubot.  He's pretty cool.

This is a fork of the a version designed to be deployed on heroku.

Running on #bekk
================

This bot is running on #bekk @ efnet

Config:

```
=== bekkbot Config Vars
HUBOT_IRC_NICK:   bekkbot
HUBOT_IRC_ROOMS:  #bekk
HUBOT_IRC_SERVER: efnet.port80.se
REDISTOGO_URL:    SECRET
```

Heroku URL: http://bekkbot.herokuapp.com/


Playing with Hubot
==================

You'll need to install the necessary dependencies for hubot.  All of
those dependencies are provided by [npm](http://npmjs.org).

    % bin/hubot

You'll see some startup output about where your scripts come from.

    Loading deploy-local scripts at /Users/me/nubot/scripts
    Loading hubot core scripts for relative scripts at /Users/me/nubot/src/hubot/scripts
    Hubot: the Shell.
    { id: '1', name: 'Shell' }
    Loading hubot-scripts from /Users/me/nubot/hubot-scripts.json
    Successfully connected to Redis

Then you can interact with Hubot by typing `hubot help`.

    hubot help

    animate me <query>  - The same thing as `image me`, except adds a few
    convert me <expression> to <units> - Convert expression to given units.
    help - Displays all of the help commands that Hubot knows about.
    ...

Take a look at the scripts in the `./scripts` folder for examples.
Delete any scripts you think are silly.  Add whatever functionality you
want hubot to have.



hubot-scripts
=============

There will inevitably be functionality that everyone will want.  Instead
of adding it to hubot itself, you can submit pull requests to
[hubot-scripts](https://github.com/github/hubot-scripts).  To enable
scripts from the hubot-scripts package, add the script name with extension as a
double quoted string to the hubot-scripts.json file in this repo.

Deployment
==========

    % heroku create --stack cedar
    % git push heroku master
    % heroku ps:scale app=1
    % heroku addons:add redistogo:nano

You'll need to edit the `Procfile` to say what the bot's name is.

Hubot also needs three environmental variables set to run and to keep him
running on heroku.

Campfire Variables
------------------

Create a separate user for your bot and get their token from the web UI.

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_TOKEN="..."

Get the numeric ids of the rooms you want the bot to join, comma
delimited. If you want the bot to connect to `https://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com/room/42`
and `https://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com/room/1024` then you'd add it like this:

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_ROOMS="42,1024"

Add the subdomain hubot should connect to. If you web URL looks like
`http://mysubdomain.campfirenow.com` then you'd add it like this:

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_CAMPFIRE_ACCOUNT="mysubdomain"

IRC Variables
------------------

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_SERVER="irc.freenode.net"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_ROOMS="#github,#node.js"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_IRC_NICK="MICCHECK1212"

Twilio Variables
------------------

You must have a Twilio account with credit and a number that can send and
receive SMS messages.

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_FROM="+14156662671"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_SID="AC5d10e5624da757326d12f8d31c08c20b"

    % heroku config:add HUBOT_SMS_TOKEN="4ada63e18146a204e468fb6289030231"

After getting Hubot up and running, update the "SMS Request URL" for your
Twilio number to point to your Hubot instance.

Restart the bot
---------------
You may want to get comfortable with `heroku logs` and `heroku restart`
if you're having issues.
